DOCSUP-13988: Allow data in square brackets in JSONAsString format (#29548)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/interfaces/formats.md

## JSONAsString {#jsonasstring}

> In this format, a single JSON object is interpreted as a single value. If the input has several JSON objects (comma separated) they will be interpreted as separate rows. The input data can be enclosed in an array of the format with square brackets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this format, a single JSON object is interpreted as a single value. If the input has several JSON objects (comma separated) they will be interpreted as separate rows. If the input data is enclosed in square brackets, it will be interpreted as an array.
```

└───────────────────────────────────┘
```

> A particular case when JSON objects are enclosed in array with square brackets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**An array of JSON objects**
```

Query:

``` sql

> DROP TABLE IF EXISTS json_square_brackets;
> CREATE TABLE json_square_brackets (field String) ENGINE = Memory;
> INSERT INTO json_square_brackets FORMAT JSONAsString [{"id": 1, "name": "name1"}, {"id": 2, "name": "name2"}];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CREATE TABLE json_square_brackets (field String) ENGINE = Memory;
INSERT INTO json_square_brackets FORMAT JSONAsString [{"id": 1, "name": "name1"}, {"id": 2, "name": "name2"}];
```
